Working with Bethany to get our puppy, Kylo, was an excellent experience. One of my primary concerns was matching with a puppy that would adjust well to living with our cat. Bethany helped us pick a pup with a laid back demeanor and little chase drive. It was very easy to teach Kylo to leave our cat to herself and now they get along well together. Kylo is a sweet pup who is easy to train and plays well with other dogs. I also think that Bethany’s early training with the puppies made our lives so much easier. Kylo quickly adjusted to living in a busy city and it was easy to start training him since he already knew the clicker. -C.B.
I have to say i had a great experience dealing with you, and would recommend you to others.  You communicated regularly, readily available , easy to reach, responded quickly and took time to answer questions. Your care and concern for the dogs really came through in all your communications and photos, and was a big factor in providing confidence and trust required for a breeder. I appreciated Your chronicling of the pregnancy, birth and first weeks. Sharing those moments really showed your care, concern and love for the animals, and provided confidence of your intentions as a breeder. I was also very thankful for extra communications you sent providing information about puppy behavior, training and handling.  It really is a testament to your  commitment to raising well adjusted dogs. -J.S.
This was my first time adopting a puppy and I couldn't have asked for a better experience.  Bethany was extremely informative and willing to introduce me to the pups through zoom and in-person, not to mention answering all of my questions.  Benny was well-mannered when I brought him home thanks to her Puppy Culture training, waiting patiently for food from the start which I can tell has stuck with him.  Would highly recommend if you want a beautiful, loyal, healthy, smart-yet-quirky, social, athletic companion with a fun personality. -B.D.
We were so happy to find Spencer and Bethany who were planning their first litter with their female Australian Shepherd.  We didn't care which one, last of the pick was fine with us. However,  they wanted to match personality with future home expectations, so they recommended a specific pup. We went with their choice.  So glad we did! The preparation of puppy behavior was incredible.  Just a couple training days and we are a pack! We wouldn't trade Sammy for a million bucks. -W.C.
I have to tell you, you have created the best dog ever! We moved, yesterday..and..today..our pup was amazing! He watched everything going on, he danced and played and stayed out of the movers way. He loves his new home. He now walks almost exclusively off leed, or drags his leash behind him. He listens to commands better than any dog I have ever had, and I have had many wonderful dogs. He loves everyone and every animal... You bred the perfect dog...at nine months old! Amazing, just amazing. Thank you! - L.M.